---
layout: default
title: "新的旅程"
date: 2013-10-29 17:26
comments: false
categories: [iphone, twitter]
---

So I have been using Twinkle since I got my iPhone and I personally
liked it a lot better than twitterific. [Twitterific][] would load a lot
slower and I did not like the ads. I’ve heard good things about the paid
version, but I wasn’t going to pay for a twitter iPhone client when
there were clearly free ones that were just as good.

[Twinkle][] was a good client it would show the tweets as bubbles kind
of like using iChat. The best part that I liked about it was the ability
to see nearby tweets. However, the downside was that they were not
nearby tweets from twitter, but rather tweets sent by other twinkle
users. Also, you had to create a tapulous account to use twinkle. The
interface was nice and the load time was acceptable.

[Twitterfon][] does everything twinkle does, but faster and nicer
without having to create another account as well. You can easily retweet
and reply, which is really nice. Also, you can follow a conversation as
if it was an IM on iChat or like the SMS style on the iPhone. The other
great part is that it opens up links in twitterfon’s own browser, which
is really nice and you can easily send either a tweet with the url, open
the url in safari, or email the url to someone. The other great thing
that sold me on twitterfon was the fact that you could search for
keywords with the client and search for nearby tweets that were sent by
all nearby twitter users not just people using a specific client like
twinkle.

  [Twitterific]: http://iconfactory.com/software/twitterrific
  [Twinkle]: http://tapulous.com/twinkle/
  [Twitterfon]: http://twitterfon.net/

